```
   _                                 _     
  (_) __ _  ___ _ __ ___   ___   ___( )___ 
  | |/ _` |/ __| '_ ` _ \ / _ \ / _ \// __|
  | | (_| | (__| | | | | | (_) |  __/ \__ \
 _/ |\__,_|\___|_| |_| |_|\___/ \___| |___/
|__/                                       
  ___     _               ___                 _             
 / __|  _| |__  ___ _ _  / __| ___  __ _ _ __| |__  _____ __
| (_| || | '_ \/ -_) '_| \__ \/ _ \/ _` | '_ \ '_ \/ _ \ \ /
 \___\_, |_.__/\___|_|   |___/\___/\__,_| .__/_.__/\___/_\_\
     |__/                               |_|                 
Copyright 2023 Jacob Moena. CC BY-SA 4.0.
```

# Jacmoe's Cyber Soapbox
> Increasingly Interesting ...


## Welcome
Here you will find an eclectic mix of writing, philosophy, humor, programming, Linux living, and culture. I am a very autistic Danish-Norwegian creative writer - ðŸ‡³ðŸ‡´ðŸ‡©ðŸ‡°

I have too many projects; too much time.

My primary reason for being here is to connect with fellow creative writers, nerdy Linux users, and neurokin.

I will also evangelize Emacs , promote the Zig programming language, share my interest in shorthand, rant about how awesome the colemak kb layout is, and other infodumps.

I am excited to be a part of the smol internet!

## Tinylog
Last three entries in my Tinylog:

### 2023-08-29 19:37:10 CEST
I have now moved my site to tilde.team. And am now generating the HTML mirror using Gemtexter. Looking forward to be spending time with the community at tilde.team!

### 2023-03-18 09:25:10 CET
At the web I constantly have the feeling of posting into the void. Here, in the Smolnet, I know that I am. Should anyone happen to stumble upon this tinylog, it is going to be an unexpected bonus. And that is a consolation, and quite a bit liberating, I think!

### 2023-03-17 13:41:10 CET
Busy getting my bearings in this entirely new universe. Very exciting! And really digging that everything is pure, unadulterated text! ðŸ˜

=> tinylog.gmi Tinylog archive

## Stay updated
=> ./gemfeed/atom.xml Subscribe to this blog's Atom feed
=> ./gemfeed/index.gmi Subscribe to this blog's Gemfeed

## Gemlog
=> ./gemfeed/2023-03-17-hello-universe.gmi 2023-03-17 - Hello, Universe!
